middleware1.3.35 and associated release note (#73)
fiskaltrust/release-notes: middleware/middleware-1.3.35.md

---
slug: /release-notes/middleware/1.3.35
title: Version 1.3.35
---

# fiskaltrust.Middleware 1.3.35 (Germany)
_July 05, 2022_

In this version of the Middleware, we removed non needed properties for FCC model classes, we also solved several bugs and created a FCC container for our _Bring your own Data Center_ solution.

:::caution

Version 1.3 of the Middleware is meant for the German market only, customers in Austria and France should continue to use version 1.2. We will unify these experiences in an upcoming version.

:::

## Feature: Removal of cspSystemTime property for Swissbit Cloud & Deutsche Fiskal
We modified the cspSystemTime property for  _SwissbitCloud_ and _DeutscheFiskal_ TSEs to optional. In some rare cases having this property led to exceptions. Additionnally we removed all non-needed properties for FCC model classes.

## Feature:  DSFinV-K export fallback in case of empty "ITemCaseName"

> If the field ZAHLART is empty because of an empty ITemCaseName in ftReceiptCaseData, we automated that it would be filled with the payitem descrption. This will enable auditors to distinguish between the different payment types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the field ZAHLART is empty because of an empty `ItemCaseName` property in `ftReceiptCaseData`, we automated that it would be filled with the PayItem's description. This will enable auditors to distinguish between the different payment types.
```

## Feature: SwissbitCloud support in Bring your own Data Center
Our _Bring your own Data Center_ solution is now working with a FCC container to be compatible with _SwissbitCloud_ and _DeutscheFiskal_ TSEs.

## Bug fix: TAR export failed

> We´ve resolved an issue where headers could not be parsed resulting in failing TAR export. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've resolved a rare issue where TAR headers could not be parsed, resulting in failing TAR exports for a small amount of installations. 
```

## Bug fix: Check contente equality failed for EF queue
We´ve fixed an issue whene running an export on a ef queue the tar files were not deleted.

## Documentation: Signaturecloud single pod manual

> We've created a guide for running the launcher on Docker. It is a step-by-step guide on how to run the launcher on Docker, mainly focusing on running a signle container instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've created a [step-by-step guide](https://github.com/fiskaltrust/product-de-bring-your-own-datacenter/blob/master/howto-single-instance.md) for running the Launcher image in a single Docker container instance (instead of spinning up a full-blown K8s instance). We recommend to use this possibility only for very small installations where reliability and fail-safety is not a critical issue.
```

## Affected packages
Packages not listed here were not updated, as we decided to not increase the version of unchanged packages. All packages with versions greater or equal to 1.3.1 are compatible with each other (it is e.g. possible to use _fiskaltrust.Middleware.SCU.Swissbit.1.3.1_ with the new queue packages).

- _fiskaltrust.Middleware.Queue.EF v1.3.34_
- _fiskaltrust.Middleware.Queue.SQLite v1.3.34_
- _fiskaltrust.Middleware.Queue.MySQL v1.3.34_
- _fiskaltrust.Middleware.SCU.DE.DeutscheFiskal v1.3.34_
- _fiskaltrust.Middleware.SCU.DE.SwissbitCloud v1.3.34_

> - _fiskaltrust.Middleware.SCU.DE.Cryptovision v1.3.34_

Reviewer: Not changed, CV line should be removed
